# Troubleshooting

## Build failures

Check the following if the project fails to build or generate a bitstream:

1. **Are you using the correct version of Vivado for this version of the repository?**   
   Check the version specified in the Requirements section of the README.md file.

2. **Windows users: Did you copy/clone the repo into a short directory structure?**   
   Vivado on Windows doesn't cope well with long directory structures, so copy/clone the repo 
   into a short directory structure such as
   `C:\projects\`. When working in long directory structures, you can get errors relating to 
   missing files, particularly files that are normally generated by Vivado (FIFOs, etc).

3. **Did you follow the** [build instructions](build_instructions) **?**   
   If it still doesn't build, please let us know and provide details of your setup and the error message(s).

## UNIX line endings

The scripts and files in the PetaLinux directory of this repository must have UNIX line endings when they are
executed or used under Linux. The best way to ensure UNIX line endings, is to clone the repo directly onto your
Linux machine. If instead you have copied the repo from a Windows machine, the files will have DOS line endings and
you must use the `dos2unix` tool to convert the line endings for UNIX.

1. Copy the cloned repository from your Windows machine to your Linux machine.
2. Use the `cd` command to navigate to the copied repository on your Linux machine.
3. Type `find . -type f -exec dos2unix --keepdate {} +` to convert all of the files
   to the Unix format.


